Code review (#1)
StuartCowley/jisa-heffernan-book-library: README.md

# Backend Book Library.
___
## Description.

> This was a backend project which involved using SQL2, Sequelize and express.js, which was tested using Mocha/Chai and Supertest, the tests can be found in the tests folder. In the future I would like to refactor the tests using mocks, stubs and spies.

Author: Excellent readme!

```
{
    "name": "<user name>",
    "email": "<email address, must be a valid email address>",
    "password": "<password, must be longer than 8 characters>" 
}
```
Send a POST requst to ```localhost:3000/books``` with the following JSON body to create a book.
```
{
    "title": "<book title>",
    "ISBN": "<Book's ISBN, must be unique>",
    "GenreId": "<genre id, must be an id that exists in genre model>",
    "AuthorId": "<author id, must be an id that exists in author model>"
}
```
There are 4 more routes that can be used for each model, in the route where you see ```model``` replace it with one of ```genres```, ```authors```, ```readers```, or ```books```:
| Request | Route | Description |
| ------ | ------ | ------ |
|GET|```localhost:3000/model```| Displays all entries in the model.| 
|GET|```localhost:3000/model/<id>```|Displays the entry that matches the given id.|
|PATCH|```localhost:3000/model/<id>```|Updates the entry with the given id and the data sent in the JSON body. Can update the whole entry or just parts of it.|
|DELETE|```localhost:3000/model/<id>```|Deletes the entry from the model, with the given id.|

> The models Readers and Books have the additional functionality of being able to search using query strings. To search for a book by it's title send a GET request to ```localhost:3000/books/?title=<book title>```.

Author: Tiny grammar change:
```suggestion
The models Readers and Books have the additional functionality of being able to search using query strings. To search for a book by its title send a GET request to ```localhost:3000/books/?title=<book title>```.
```
